feat: Add configurable timeout to rpc endpoints (#28)
archway-network/relayer_exporter: README.md

During startup it fetches IBC paths from github based on provided config.
If env var GITHUB_TOKEN is provided it will be used to make authenticated requests to GitHub API.
Using provided RPC endpoints it gets clients expiration dates for fetched paths.

> Each RCP endpoint can have different timeout specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each RCP endpoint can have a different timeout specified.
```

> If env var GLOBAL_RPC_TIMEOUT (default 5s) is provided it specifies timeout for endpoints
> without explicit timeout defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If env var GLOBAL_RPC_TIMEOUT (default 5s) is provided, it specifies the timeout for endpoints
without having it defined.
```
